Good afternoon everyone, paul and I are here to present the 
cotrast function of DXoLAB.

so we will first go with some introduction then we will present
our understanding about the DXO contrast function 
then in part 3 we will talk detailed about the experiemenst
we did and the algorithims 
we used to get closer results to DXO contrast.
and then some additional features we explored.
and finally we conclude it with Limitations we observe, and some extensions

so in simple terms Contrast refers to the difference in luminance
or color that makes an object distinguishable from other
objects or the background. which makes details more noticeable.

it helps to Improve the visual quality of images.
using constrast in In daily life, it helps us identify difference
between colors, or objects by highlighting their differences.

so now paul will talk about Global contrast of DXO:

ok so for microcontrast, i actually never see this function before,
so what i observe, simple constrast is working globally on a picture while this microcontrast
is like a local constrast

and we can see from these images. the details like texture of field in background,
girls skin and texture on dress is more promint, even on face we see contour part more clearly.

and same for the cat......

for the low contrast, it actually hides the details, as we move towards the negative values, we see less and less deatials
the subject actually blends with the background.
blury effects.

same with the cat.......

and to summarize the results ....

over to paul.....





TBC
CLAHE is an advanced form of histogram equalization applied locally to small regions (tiles) of an image 
rather than globally. This approach enhances contrast adaptively while minimizing noise amplification.

if image has alot of noise it might get amplified during the process and that's why it uses clip parameter 
to handle that, so it limit the contrast below a specific limit,

and on edges of tile it perform linear interpolation so that when applying histogram on tiles, 
the edges does not looks different

->gamma: adjusting the brightness of an image so colors 
appear correctly on-screen
-> overamplify noise in relatively homogeneous regions 
of an image
->The histogram redistribution is limited, so contrast 
enhancement is moderated
-> Noise or small intensity variations are not 
over-emphasized.
-> CDF is calculated for histogram values
-> CDF value for each tile is scaled and mapped.





